Give it a Brexit Porsche. Get in there,
mate. All right, here we go.
Just shove it out.
I've got it. Run my army.
All right, let's get this rock up this
hill, mate. Come on.
Turn off. Oh [__] Oh, press F, please.
Get him again. Hold on. Oh, let's try
this out. Crowny. Hold on.
Wait. I like your cut. G. What? I've
been shot by lightning, mate. What the
burn? Please, mate. Burn, mate. You've
got a Dark Souls death. Press one. Oh,
he just like fall on your knees. He died
in mental suicide. What are you doing?
That's cool. We need two on two on the
back and then one either side. So, I'll
be a left baller, someone be a right
baller, the other two push. I'll be a
right baller. But Bobby, that's it. So,
you got to make like it's my job to
We're lifting it. We're lifting it.
We're going to smash this up. Beautiful
work, mate. Come on, boys. Caught it.
Going under. Oh, mate. I caught it.
Get up, Tom. Come on, Granny. Push,
push, push, push, push, push. Come on.
Oh my god. Beautiful, mate. Good
strength. Good strength. Push, push,
push, push, push, boys. What's this over
here to our right? Can we push the ball
over there? It's a It's a shortcut. Is
it though?
Shortcut the bridge, are we? Is it a
shortcut? Let's just stop. Let's just
stop. Let's just stop. Let me
investigate.
You being a coward for it's going to
roll off, mate.
Tom, mate, you see that for a job? Push,
push, push, push, push, push. I saved
it. I saved it, mate. Big time. Go, go,
go, go.
Hey, I fall off.
Tom, run. Tom, run.
Hold on, boys. What's the button?
Select. Got the green one. Got the red
one. Apparently, that's mine color,
mate.
Hold on. There's no pit. I'll go purple.
Oh, I think I'll do. What's this?
Sprint. Let's have a go. I'll be boing.
Boing. If you hold space, I think you
get a bigger jump. By the way, you
pushed me off. Don't lose the ball,
mate. We've made it 42 m so far. Are
those explosive barrels?
I'll check. I'll check. Here we go,
mate. Troll face. They're explosive
barrels. Oh, they respawn. They respawn,
too. They respawn. Troll face. No way.
Hey, it's dude. Bubblegum man here. Oh,
barrel. Barrel. Barrel. Oh,
barrel. Barrel right in front. I can't
I'm not strong enough to push it, boys.
Oh, Bob. That help a lot. Yeah.
I'm going to clear him as we go, mate.
Go, go, go, go. Go, go, go, go. I'm not
strong enough. Oh my god. That's good.
That's good. Crowny, you big hard
bastard.
I'm getting
all on the ball, boys. Just Jordan. What
you mean?
Oh [__]
Really good. Granny, catch it. Got it.
Get this barrel out the way, mate.
Crowny's quick at the catching, you
know. Mate, there's a barrel on the
other side of that, mate. Yeah, I see
it. I see it. Come on, boys. I'm going
to see the way. All right. Left, left,
left, left. Oh, no. Oh, no. It blew up.
It blew up. It blew up. Now we've lost
it. We got you got it. Yeah, Juby's got
it. I got tubes.
[__] hell. Where' you come from,
mate? If you jump from a hill, look how
high you jump, mate. Look at this. If I
hold
it like Spider-Man,
I've got no I've got no strength, make
me weed little arms. Get a protein bar
down your skinny. All right, we're just
going have to push out the middle, mate.
Someone get this guy a grenade bar,
mate. It's just doing the same thing.
This is progress. This is quite
difficult, man. I'll stay on the right.
[__]
I got it. I got it. I got it. No,
[Laughter]
no,
it mate. Oh my god. Why you bomb?
God, this is
the Oh no. Come on.
[Laughter]
Speed, power, speed, and power, mate.
Go, go, go together. Push. That's what
you need. You're missing the momentum.
Tom, quit pissing him out. Oh, boys. I'm
falling. I'm falling. Yeah. Can we
change it to the troll ball, mate? Cuz
this is hard to look at. Yeah. One sec.
There we go. Rock, mate. Push, push,
push, push, push, push. I'm just here.
I'm just here to try and guide it. I'm
just here to try and guide it.
Left push
go. Yes. Yes. [__] have it. We'll get
over there now, mate. We want more
skins. All right. We have to get the
ball, mate. Yeah. Yeah. 60 60 64 me up
so far, boys. In 12 minutes. That's not
bad. Pushes you around, mate.
Going. Keep going, Jordan. Keep going,
George. Nice. I'm going. Not rushing
myself. Not rushing myself. Oh, you
crown or you crown me off, mate.
No. Where's it going? Oh, it's crushed
me.
All right, I got a pace, mate. We need
pace. It needs some speed. Speed. I'm
going to sit as a break on the other
side, mate. All right, let's do what we
did. Let's do what we did. Right. Ready?
Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Hold
on. [__] keep
pushing. I blocked it. It's crunching
me. Skin up, everyone. Skin up. Oh,
mate. No more running back. These don't
know that much, mate.
That's fine, mate. Absolutely. No, no,
no, no, no. Where's the ball gone? Over
there. Straight through the middle here,
boys. Go on. [__] send it. Go, go,
go. Oh, the blade it as well. Okay, it
again. Keep going. Keep going. What? Oh
[__] Hit the [__] spikes. Pop up the
Oh, that was close. Catch you. [__]
Thanks, mate. I think this one might be
better with three through the middle,
mate. For sure. Have we assessed up
here? You just hit the ball on here.
Someone needs to wait on the other side,
mate. Oh, [__]
Mate, the boy. You going have to stop it
when it comes over, mate. Yeah, I'm
here. I'm here. I'm here. Stop. Stop.
Stop. Got it. Nice.
J dog. Oh, this looks so bad. Oh, you're
taking the piss, mate. We need to lock
in, boys. It's already this rough. I'm
on the right side here. I can't worry
about Tommy. Oh, yeah. Me neither. I'm
kind of blocking on the right here. Just
stood here. Good. S. Keep going. Keep
going. Nice. Liking it. Liking it. All
right. We need two in the bottom, mate.
When when we get up here. Yeah, we need
we need two pushing. Two pushing. That's
it. Just acted in as a pole, mate. Just
a little pole up here. This one might be
a bit techy here, boys. Just take it
easy. It's techy as [__] mate. Right.
Let it down a bit. It's It's fine. It's
fine. I've got it. Granny's got it,
mate. Nothing to worry about. The crown
dog has [__] got it. Oh, I bumped it
the wrong way. That's it. Yes. Bubble.
Good. This techy work, mate. I'm staying
right in the middle here, mate.
That's it. To push it a little bit,
mate. Get a bit pit beans on it.
Nice. A [__] conger line. Bob and
Crown push. Jordan, stop it. When we
need it, mate, push to shove it, mate.
We need to get it shoved. Get it. Get it
shoved. Push, push, push, push, push.
No, no, no. Push the push, push, push,
push. That's it. Yes. Nice. Nice.
[__] hell. Um, save colors. Yellow.
Yellow and green. They refresh. They
refresh. They refresh. And Or we can
just go on the road. You need someone
You need someone to stay down here to
say I I'll read out the colors, mate. By
all means. There must be in like a a
rhythm, right? Uh we can go up the left,
mate. Red, green. Yeah, that's left.
We'll have to go up the right surely.
This is like yellow. Orange. Oh, that
right.
I don't think the ball's got to fit
through that gap to get it up there,
mate. Well, maybe it is just a walking
path. Hey, the right's a different
story, though, mate. We could take it up
right side. If the ball comes down this
thing, it starts at the start. Like,
we're at the start. Pack it in. Zoom in
and out with the uh arrow keys, mate.
Blue, pink, middle. Middle. Let's just
[__] sake it. See how bad. Oh, it
doesn't push the ball. It just kills us.
Oh, okay. I'm taking one for the team
then. Yellow green. Okay, so Bob,
yellow, green.
Uh Bob, Bob, stop. Bob, stop Bob stop.
Red, can you stop? Granny, stop.
It was going to fall off the edge.
All
right. Good. He's got me. Blue, orange,
perfect middle. Then run back. Yes,
boys. Yes, boys. Yellow. Green.
I'm taking one of the team. Got it. Got
it. Got it. Blue. Pink.
Oh, he's he's lined up. He's lined up
down the middle. With you. See, boys.
Come on, George. Get the [__] step,
mate. Sick. You can come up now, George.
Stop that. That was so bad, mate.
No, [__] the skins. If it was a matter
of getting the ball through those
sections, mate, that would have been a
different [__] story for some nice
skins. Let me see what the axe does,
mate. It hits it short. Okay. Yeah,
that's not We don't know, mate. I've
never been huge on cosmetics anyway,
mate. It's fine. Crowny. Crowny wants
the [__] cat ears, mate. I can tell.
If I know Crowny, mate, I know he wants
them [__] cat ears on him. Can we get
out this far gear, mate? Look,
he's [__] get yourself up there.
Never mind a [__] ball,
mate. One hit and it's just back to the
start as well. Yeah, but look how many
axes we've got to get through, mate. I
wonder if the if the axes hit the ball
as well, cuz then we are the axes are
definitely hitting the ball, mate.
Right, we giving this a crack, mate.
Let's give it a crack, mate. Yeah. Yeah.
Do Do you like Do you think two of us
should stay left and right to catch the
ball, mate? Two of us push. Two of us
stay left and right. We can. It depends
how far how hard this going to hit the
ball, mate. Well, we can only test it,
can't we? We can only test it. Be able
to push it fast enough. Like, try this
one here, mate. Try this one here. I'm
over here right now. Yeah, it does,
don't it? [__] hell.
Yeah, we're going to have to do that,
aren't we? People can't push it hard
enough, mate. We'll be fine. It'll be
fine. Right. I'll stay on the right,
boys. Stop. Stop. Stop. Sick. Stop. See,
it's fine. The ball's The ball's a lot
heavier than it looks, to be fair. It
looks like a fly away, mate. It's a bit
heavy. Oh, it got nudged. It got nudged.
Got it. I got it. That's good, though.
You good? Oh no. Oh no. No.
[Music]
Where is it? It's above us. Oh, it's
going to come down. Oh, no. It's right
there. It's We got to do the Oh, [__]
sake. Oh, mate. We don't have to get
past that first section at least, right?
[__] hell. Yeah, just just hop down
and catch it, mate. And all four of us
missed the [__] thing. Uh, oh my god.
No way. Do I need to come down? No. Ah,
you're all right, mate. Don't worry
about it. All right, don't make me come
down there. All right, we had this down
to a tea before, mate. We can do this
again. I'm going back to the right side
where I was. Get in there. Not that way.
Not that way. Not that way. Oh,
no. We got bad news, boys. We got really
bad news, boys.
Happy birthday, Tom. Jordan, why'd you
leave your post? I I Because he said
push. I pushed.
Push. Absolutely [__] livid.
You missed a kid. Get down there.
We now have a We now have a good
understanding of the boulder, mate. We
can get this straight up there. Boulder
is becoming part of us, you know. The
boulder is now one of the boys. [__]
you can push it out.
Not a problem, mate. Not a problem.
That's a problem.
Me head.
[__] crushed me. Knocked it. No.
Barl knocked me.
[Laughter]
35 minutes in, mate. We've not made any
progress. Correct. Back to it. [__]
Didn't see that one coming. Caught me
off guard. That's it. On the right. On
the right. Right. Right. Trying, mate.
The [__] helicopter blades there.
Die. Die for the die for it. Die for the
boulder. You got to die for three
points.
Someone is beautiful. Died for a lot
less. It's fine. It's fine. It's fine.
It's not going anywhere. Chilling,
mate. Go, go, go. Push. Big push. That's
it. That's it.
Stop. Come on, boy.
Right. Steady, steady. Control it.
Control it. Just gain gain composure
again. That's it. And then push. Oh
[__] Come on, boys. Push up. Push. Push
up. Well, over there. Into the pocket.
Into the pocket. Right. I'm getting a
drink before we carry on. Hold on.
You failed on overdy last time. I want
to see redemption here. Did not, mate. I
was told to move from my post and I
followed orders. You can you can do
overduty and push at the same time. Oh
my god. Quick here, boys. Oh my god. Get
down. B. Get down.
[__] hell. Crown. He's in overtime.
Nice. Nice. Nice. Nice. Nice. We're
chilling. We're chilling. That's it,
George. That's it. Guard it. Guard it.
Guard it. Nice. Okay, mate. Over the
end. Over the end. That's it, baby.
Right. Right. We're ready. Oh, you go.
Red, green, red, pink. Just the second
one this time, mate. Okay. Orange.
Perfect.
We're so back, mate. We're good at that
one, mate. This one. Next one. This
one's [__] man. Look at I'm going
to have a little look, mate.
You sure about that? All right, let's
get it up here then, I guess. Let's get
the tutorial done then.
Let's get this [__] tutorial done
then, boys. Yeah, 41 minute tutorial,
mate. I've learned a lot in these past
41 minutes. Let me tell you, we maybe
need a countdown or something, mate.
Give us a countdown. As soon as it goes
past, mate, on the the swing, next
swing. Go. I'm holding go.
Nice. That was clean. Someone hold it.
Someone hold it. He's [__] He's
[__] He's
getting a piece of [__] you stupid
ball.
[Music]
All right, back up we go. I'm crowning
on the drum solo, mate. Come on.
Oh, hey teleported to you.
[Music]
You [__]
Oh crap. Oh no.
Oh [__] Oh,
see screaming as he's flat next to me.
[Music]
Enough of this, mate. Pop blood. Yeah,
just shove it up there, mate. I'm right
side. Right side. Come back. Come back.
That's it. Nice. Shove it. Shove it. Sh
it boys. Come on. Come on. Pop shove it.
Come on. Pop smoke. Where's he going?
Push. Don't lie. Don't lie. What the
[__]
Go, go, go, go.
[__] it. We don't. It's not even going
vertical, but it's going [__]
sideways. I don't get [__] pushing.
That's it. Proper bit of pushing now.
Right.
Come on, boys. Brexit push. Come on,
mate. I'm getting sick and tired of
this. Give it a [__] Brexit push. Get
in there, mate. All right. Here we go.
[__] it. Shut up. Just shove
it. Pull it. I've got it. My
army. I'm going to break
[Music]
around if you want. That's it. That's
it. There we go. Mate to see some
passion.
You mentioned Brexit and Crown remembers
his [__] British.
Crowley [__] pulled a pint of Carl
and it was Oh
[__] Oh boy.
Keep it
[Music]
practiced into a [__] XL bully, mate.
That was a turkey. I'm stuck. I'm stuck.
You without me. Get up,
Bob. When you're ready, mate.
Technically, that's got to be easier
than what we just did there, right? Once
you get past this little section,
I'll stick right siding up. I don't
know, mate. This looks rough as [__]
[__]
What do you want to do? Yeah. Is it Is
it harder than you swinging at? We can
try, mate. Why not? Sick. [__] me. Blow
me [__] legs off. Right. I'm going to
do a run up there, mate. See what else
spawns. That's so steep, mate. That's so
steep. Someone [__] shove it. Go.
Not yet. Not up. Oh no. What the [__]
Benny, shut up, Josh.
[Music]
We made it
miles off. I'm sorry,
Tom. Look at these techers, mate. You're
mad. Come on. That's good. [__]
That's a good little run there, mate.
Straight up, boys. Come on. Straight up.
Don't even think about it, mate. Don't
even [__] think about it, mate. Think
about all the [__] stellas and all
the birds up top. All right.
It's just [__] mingers and barrels,
mate.
It's like a [__] episode of Shameless
up there, mate. [__] sake.
Watch this, mate. Press your your uh
down arrow, mate, and zoom all the way
out just to see some more here. I am,
big dog. I [__] have. Okay, just
checking me. I'll stick on the right
like just pretty much right next to this
[__] ball, mate. Yeah, I go forward a
bit. Go forward. Go forward. Keep going.
Keep stop there.
That wasn't close. That is steep, mate.
It wasn't. It just hit box. We're
pushing it. Go, go, go, go. It's not
moving, mate. I can only fall so far on
the right. I can go as well, mate.
Should we try further left, mate? Start
further left.
Oh no.
Won't be fast enough, man. Yeah, we
definitely want to go up when it's
swinging from the right, mate. There's
more space to work with on the left.
Loads more space on the left, mate. A
big run up. Tacky timing up, mate. And
just [__] send it, mate. Mate, that
would be [__] kind of sexy, to be
honest. Don't know about anyone else.
Let's have a go. It just
gone up as well there, Bob. Let's do it,
mate. Uh,
right. Line it up right in the middle,
boys. And we'll just charge the ball
together, mate. All right. Next swing,
mate. We're sending it. Let's go.
We're pass. We're pass. Stop. Mate, it's
so hard to judge. Keep up, mate. It's so
hard to judge like the how much space
you've got in front of you, mate.
Yeah, mate. We put we had so much speed
then. What the [__] It's cuz we're all
just [__] at it, mate. Let's just
keep trying that, mate. [__] it. Just
keep pushing it up, mate. Just keep
going. Don't even [__] think about
it, mate. Just keep pushing the [__]
thing. Sick. That's not good. What just
happened to me?
The game doesn't like when you do that.
Understood. We have four axes to do. We
can't get a second one.
Sounds defeated. Correction, Tom. We
have five axes to get through. Shut up,
sexy. He pushed
on me head. That's it, boys. Come on.
Just [__] get the ball up the [__]
hill.
[__] dance animations and
I' blocking it. Get it up there, mate.
Go. Go on. Big push.
That was good, though. It was a good
run. That was a good run.
You watch that back, mate. It was just
me pushing it off the edge.
At least you were big enough to to own
up to it, George. You know, think it was
a guy left. I was about who's pushing it
off. It was me. Oh, [__] [__] [__]
[__] Good. We want to go right side of
the
ax. This way.
Yeah. Go. Get rid of me.
Well, that was good fun. Let's never
play that game again.